okay so this is really way too many
videos to film in one day but I've been
so busy lately I just haven't had a
chance to film so I am taking advantage
of the quiet and i'm doing a bench so
forgive me for you know not changing up
the scenery at all but these are my
favorites for October and I've
apologized before about being late with
my monthly favorites and then a couple
people have commented that they kind of
like it because of the first of the
month there's so many favorites videos
that they kind of get overdone so I
didn't stress about it this month I just
left it so I'm not apologizing for being
late so the first thing that I've really
enjoyed this month and you might
remember when I picked these up
couponing that's nice um I got the nexus
therapy and Hugh metris now I tried
these a long time ago probably I don't
know a year and a half ago and I just
didn't feel like they did a whole lot
but at the time my hair was a lot longer
and I think I was i think i was just
fussing with it too much and now i'm
just being more gentle with my hair and
since i started using these my hair is
just so much softer and I really feel
like it's made a difference and I've had
a few people tell me because you know
with my couponing I get a lot of
inexpensive shampoo and conditioner and
a few people have told me not to put
that stuff in my hair and I don't know
it's debatable whether or not the
cheaper shampoo and conditioner is
actually worth it but i will say that
since using these i have noticed a
difference in my hair's that's kind of
nice um some of my favorites this month
my favorite foundation this month is a
half pump of each of these the diorskin
nude and the estee lauder double wear
this stuff wears like iron and this
looks very natural so the two of them
together sorry having technical
difficulties the two of them together is
fabulous and I've been applying them
with my Beauty Blender which i plan to
talk about briefly very soon possibly
two day I don't know
and let's see my favorite product to set
my foundation with has been my mac
mineralized skin finish natural with
this wedge type of kabuki from Laura
Mercier really love these two together I
have been using my instant age rewind
and my hourglass concealer together
everyday really love those I feel like
those have been in my favorites lately a
lot am I just imagining that I don't
know i used my Dior show lash Maximizer
is that what it's called or just
Maximizer lash plumping serum every day
except for today and I really enjoy it
and i've also been using my Kevin a quan
curler I got this from Barneys New York
a while ago and I really really like
this um since i got that i don't use any
of my other lash curlers although i did
have one from i think it was urban decay
and i really liked it but it i think the
little rubbery thing kept falling out oh
no it got wonky the front part got
really loose and then it didn't line up
anymore but that was a really good lash
curler but i do like this Kevin akan a
lot and then as for highlighters I have
been using c4 highlighters I've been
using these two this is the two-faced
candlelight I also use this a lot to set
my concealer because it's just really
light you see if it's watching all kinds
of things it's really light and it
doesn't seem to bunch up under my eyes
but I've been using this mostly on my
cheeks and then I busted out here's a
blast from the past the lorac perfectly
lit spotlight powder just remember this
this was like a big deal not too long
ago that's really pretty it is um pretty
shimmery but not not too much although i
don't use this all over my face i only
use this like the tops of my cheekbones
and then my very favorite bronzer this
is the bronzer that I grabbed all the
time and it's the two-faced original
chocolate soleil bronzer it's just a
matte bronzer smells really good I like
this one a lot and I don't usually like
things that smell like chocolate unless
it's actually chocolate you know like a
lip gloss that smells like chocolate no
thank you and then this I just did a
swap for it i thought i would show this
even though this wasn't one of my
favorites for last month because i just
received it but my favorite was this
original chocolate bronzer and then i
just did a swap for the milk chocolate
which is this one so i just thought you
might want to see the difference that's
quite a big difference actually in the
colors I hadn't even compared the two so
this one's the milk chocolate and this
is the original pretty big difference
yeah I look forward to trying that one
out I've just had it sitting here with
all my stuff so I could show it to you
so I haven't really played with it yet
it smells so good speaking of smelling
good my favorite perfume for the month
has been this coco noir from Chanel and
I don't have a full-size bottle I just
received two of these samples and I've
used up a whole sample now I'm on my
second one and i love it it's so nice
it's so different from anything I have
and when I'm not wearing that then I'm
wearing this Chanel and this is just the
I I don't know what you would even call
this if you tried to say it in English
but it's the tender I don't know love
this one love love love I even mix the
two sometimes I don't know if that's
okay to do but it works for me so I do
it and the other thing that I've been
busting out a lot lately is my josie
maran I do feel like I talked about this
just recently because I just on the
tarte maracuja I really like that for a
long time I went through a ginormous
bottle of it and I liked it but then my
skin was getting so dry and so flaky on
my cheeks and I just felt like maybe
that wasn't moisturizing as much as I
thought it was so I went back to my
josie maran and loved it so yeah I have
a new appreciation for this I use it at
my hair
I use it on my face one day I got out of
the shower and I was loving it so much i
used it head to toe which could get
pretty expensive if you did that all the
time which I don't but that day I was
just enjoying it and I thought you know
what my arms and my legs deserve a
little bit of attention to so that
didn't come out right at all but anyway
those are my favorites for the month and
my favorite drink for the month has been
my water I don't usually put ice in it
um but I squeeze the juice of half of a
lemon in the water I do it morning and
night although lately I have been not
doing it because I've just been busy but
it's really good for you if i remember
i'll put a link below there's a article
that i read about seven reasons to drink
lemon water is good for your skin it
helps flush your system it's tens of
reasons weight loss nice skin cold
fighting all kinds of good reasons so
anyway and it's very refreshing so
that's been my favorite drink aside from
my iced coffee which you know i'm still
loving so that's it thank you so much
for watching and i will see you soon